Bogota our capital is note2 producing
178 faith per turn which is more than
any of a eye in the game can even manage
and it's just I just love it it's
absolutely stupid completely borked this
game hello there ladies and gentlemen I
am the spiffing Britt and today I'm
blanks in my civilization six Gathering
Storm with the latest and greatest DLC
this TOC is probably released for you
right now but for me as I'm recording it
in the past using the power of time
travel as well as an early access press
copy I'm playing this brand new DLC
before they've even been able to release
a day one patch to fix some of these
slightly overpowered features now the
lovely people over at 2k have basically
sponsored me to play this game early
which honestly I'm surprised considering
the amount of times I've broken civics
in the past they've been very generous
to actually pay me to do at this time
are you lovely in kind people don't you
know what I've got to do to this game
now the new DLC is in a bit of a strange
format basically it's a pass based
system where you pay for it and you get
effectively several different updates
which start from the 21st of May and go
onwards into basically next year 13 new
civilizations new city-states new
natural wonders and new wonders to be
built but most of us for the future in
the current and latest release what do
we have here oh we have three very
important new changes which need to be
addressed change number one 2k decided
to patch out all of the previous
exploits no longer can you do the
Pantheon glitch ladies and gentlemen no
longer can you place down multiple
districts it's all gone
rest in peace my favorite exploit in Civ
six but then there are two new things
that have been added there's a couple of
new city states that have been added
into the game and are probably going to
be slightly imbalanced and maybe have
some crazy things to be discovered and
of course most importantly there are now
two new civilizations in the game we
have lady 6 sky of Maya in terms of her
abilities and bonuses it's honestly
nothing too special she's a bit of a
defensive turtle up but in terms of game
breaking overpowered nurse she's pretty
tame but where the crazy new DLC
factions really get going is when we
start introducing the legendary the one
the only Simon Bolivar or Simon Bolivar
I don't
oh it's got an accent a name so as a
British person I have no chance of being
able to pronounce it but this here is C
Mon of the grand Columbian nation now
the reason why Gran Colombia is so
special is because he is so utterly
ridiculously overpowered Simon Bolivar
here is downright stupidly broken what
he provides is a plus one movement to
all units and also a bonus so that
promoting any unit does not end that
units turn what this means is his units
are going to go exceedingly fast across
the map is setlist can go further
meaning not only can his setlist go
further his cavalry can go further but
most importantly and most
controversially gaint breaking his siege
weaponry can go further suddenly you can
literally have battering rams
teleporting up to the enemy's walls this
is a bit of a strange design feature
because it could be rather overpowered
but what's also quite interesting is
that promoting a unit does not end that
units turn so what this actually means
on paper is that you can promote a unit
then move and attack it in practicality
what this could mean in combat is your
unit has just been attacked by the enemy
and it's down to half health we leave it
there for another turn it will be dead
and it has free choices it can either
run away and try and survive stay there
and try and fortify in heal up or it can
try and attack well now it can do all
free what you can do is use your
promotion to instantly max heal the unit
and then attack with it and of course if
it's a cavalry unit that can break away
from combat well then guess what it can
also run away after attacking between
which that brings us to their special
industrial cavalry units Allen arrow
this is a cavalry which has a low
maintenance cost and a +4 combat
strength for every adjacent lunaire oh
this +4 combat strength is pretty
downright broken and it allows Linares
in big swarm groups to actually pack
quite a lot of a punch even when they're
technically outdated by modern
technology but where the Delin arrows
even more of a powered is with the
brand-new great general which grant
Columbia has access to a command DT
generales he's a special great person
with a unique ability which basically
provides a buff to the nation it might
be something like plus one additional
trade route or it might be to
immediately provide two promotions to
all nearby units but every time you
spend one of these great generals which
you get for free as soon as you go into
a new era if you have a linear road
nearby well guess what you've just
instantly healed that unit for free and
it's got a range of like 18 tiles or
something like that so what you can do
is basically pile up all of your great
generals
just for when you hit the industrial era
and as soon as you hit the industrial
they're immediately swarm the map with
increased movement speed Linares which
have the ability to promote and attack
and move and then also have a blob of
like four command eighty generals
running around after them who also have
the ability to instantly heal them just
absolutely love it it's so broken
well grant Columbia her probably now the
most powerful nation in the game and I
love it he also has a unique building
but honestly what does it matter he
doesn't even need a unique building at
this point I mean extra gold production
food and housing oh that's lovely
what a fantastic bonus he definitely
needed that he was looking pretty weak
otherwise Oh God but surprisingly Simon
Bolivar is not actually even where a
good to be exploiting the game today
he's a pretty damn overpowered
individual but there are other ways we
can completely Nestle bulk this new DLC
and I absolutely love it the new DLC has
added Apocalypse mode ladies and
gentlemen it adds new natural disasters
larger and more impactful versions of
existing disasters and an increased
chance of all natural disasters
apocalypse mode also adds in a
soothsayer unit which is literally like
a tiny priest II boy who runs about the
map who you can purchase with faith from
literally anywhere and guess what he
does he has a bunch of charges and he
could use those charges to summon death
onto the enemy I absolutely love it it's
incredibly fun but there's also a few
reasons why it's completely nicely
broken we're gonna have to jump into a
video for me to show it off so let's go
into the advanced setup of this game
make it online make it absolutely
massive and crank up those city-states
we've got a fun game to play ladies and
gentlemen and it's going to be majestic
before we begin with the exploits make
sure you're sat back relax you've a nice
warm cup of tea and hey if you're ready
to see this exclusive Civ 6 content you
might have even been majestic enough to
put a like on this video won't done and
we're in the game and as you can see
it's pretty majestic
post-playing is these lovely boys we get
our extra movement speed there as you
can
see which is absolutely lovely basically
meaning our warrior can jump over this
hill and go a little bit further and our
scouts are going to be traversing the
world faster than anyone elses now once
I could move my settler I'm a bit of a
lazy bugger and so that's exactly the
opposite of what I'm going to do we're
just gonna eat him down right about here
we'll be fine save the citizens of
Bogota all Mountain smoke a little right
oh dear oh dear I settle next to a
volcano didn't I well beans I'm sure it
will be fine now that I'm playing on
Apocalypse mode what's the worst that
could happen now what we're going to do
is we're going to rush the astrology
site because trust me it's very
important to need to get this bad boy
from running as soon as possible now I
have an interesting combination setup
ladies and gentlemen you see with the
brand new DLC you can effectively cause
natural disasters you have to purchase
soup sales using faith they cost a fair
bit of money they have a fair bit of
maintenance but they allow you to cause
disasters which is absolutely brilliant
who doesn't want to cause disasters the
reason why they seem to be so
overpowered for mieze at the lovely
player is because the AI doesn't care
these soup says are downright stupid
because you can be friendly with an
enemy go up to one of their local rivers
and detonate a soothsayer who will
immediately cause a massive irreversible
flood killing about 400 million people
in the city and causing absolute chaos
but the AI has no way to stop him
because he acted outside of their
borders just standing on the same River
when used correctly you can even hit
multiple AI cities and the AI will still
have a green happy smiley face because
as far as they're aware this was a
natural disaster which caused the
massive catastrophic death of most of
their population it just works but why I
absolutely love the new soup says is
most importantly because they can be
combo'd with the great bath this is
quite possibly one of the worst wonders
in the game but the reason why the great
bath is so overpowered now is because
you can cause your own floods no longer
are you relying on the RNG floods of the
game no no no you've got floods just
caused by existence oh it's brilliant I
love it right now what we're going to do
is we're going to use our mega warriors
to effectively scout around the world
and trust me they can Scout really fast
but yes the great buff is completely
broken because of what you're able to do
with it oh god we just gained a free
recon unit which can move for tyler's of
course we did and we've got
another one coming soon oh this is
lovely oh we've got so many explorers
now brilliant slightly too many some
would say but it's fine just look at the
distance they can cover it's only 3600
BC and we just gained a free pop oh I
love it I really do this is perfectly
balanced absolutely perfectly balanced
we can just teleport across the map
anyway now that we've picked ourselves
up the Hanging Gardens and we can start
production on it we're going to
immediately move towards astrology so
that we can get off us religion up and
running trust me religions are important
I would discover trgu were lovely
Tugg you are a pretty lovely little
city-state there nothing too special
just plus 5% science basically now the
reason why the move and promotion system
is so broken is because I can pick up
say one of these promotions like faster
movement on woods and terrain and now
hit automate explore on the scout and
well guess what we've just teleported
across the map and he can now just phase
through woods as if they don't exist now
we're going to get the great bar for
from running we need this bad boy fast
oh there we go we've discovered one of
the brand new city-states the Vatican
City the Vatican City is a pretty spicy
boy because whenever you activate a
great person they basically add a bunch
of religious pressure to whatever city
it's is good because you can basically
build an aggressive forward settled city
and detonate a bunch of great people in
it and you start spreading your religion
at incredible speed so it's nothing to
gain braking it surprisingly
well-balanced I don't like it go we're
going to start attacking the spam above
our barbarian and we've picked up our
lovely astrology and fantastic we can
promote our warrior and attack at the
same time now as you can guess this is
slightly broken because our warrior here
here is 59 health and if we were to
attack now that'd be a minor defeat but
what we can do is oh my unlock battle
cry which heals our dude up to maximum
and now we're no longer having a minor
defeat but a major victory all in the
same turn previously that's not allowed
why is this a loud game this isn't fair
not at the slightest anyway this barbed
caps now ours lovely stuff and here we
have it ladies and gentlemen several
turns later but the great buff is being
constructed
hmm
with the refreshing taste of Yorkshire
tea gold we're going to start seeing
just how beautiful this great bar face
now why is the great bar so useful well
on all flood plain styles like say this
one here this one here this one here and
this one here every time we have
ourselves a flood the game adds food and
faith to each of the affected tiles this
is completely Natale broken and I love
it and I'll explain why it's broken in a
little bit but for the time being we
need to get some more settlers going you
know gotta make a colossal eruption Oh
No
that's the last thing we wanted to have
happen and we can create our first
Pantheon which is lovely
now what I'm going to do is get the
river goddess bonus four plus two
amenities in plus two housing if there's
a holy site district adjacent to a river
buts also going to try and increase our
faith output this game we just don't
really have any bonuses for it at the
moment which is a shame anyway another
way of our holy site down and the great
bath we're also going to pick up the
Oracle because this is just a downright
stupidly overpowered wander it's
brilliant
it basically increases the amount of
great people generated in this city
which is downright stupidly broken
because by doing that you basically end
up with a glorious situation where when
combined with the right governors you're
going to be producing great people -
terrifying rate with Pingala you can
have plus 100% great people points
generated in the city and with the
Oracle you just stack more and more
modifiers on until you end up with
something stupidly broken it just works
and what's this the warrior can level up
and gain a +1 movement bonus as once
again you heal and then you attack and
that gives you stupid bonus but yes of
course all of our units gain one extra
movement and for some reason can also
pick up a bonus if provided sin their
tech tree to gain yet another piece of
movement our fantastic we've entered our
first new era and so we've picked up our
first commandante general lovely stuff
we have just entered into a normal age
but that's not going to stop the fact
that we just picked him up but now have
new ways of gaining an era score nice
lovely stuff let's do that and here's a
commandante general he's got a pretty
unique bonus he provides +5 combat
strength from +1 movement to land units
within two tiles of him ok so that's
taken the scouts movement up to 5 which
is fine this is okay Oh game please then
he he also has a little bonus action
his action grants +4 combat strength to
cavalry class units within two tiles oh
okay
so we can fill up all of these
neighboring towns with cavalry units and
then expend him and he's going to give
them a permanent +4 attack bonus right
he's brilliant we're just gonna have to
have him lying around when our scouts
ready to upgrade and just run across the
land there we go
Jose you're just gonna have to go to
sleep I'm afraid I'm not going to need
you for a very long time anyway what
we're now going to do is we're going to
get ourselves a soup save now he costs
50 faith but we can move him over next
to one of our own rivers and next
Ernie's going to do something very jazzy
there we go we've also built ourselves
the Oracle that's a very important
wander to pick up now we can focus on
all of the boring stuff like getting an
early military art to fight these
incoming barbarians actually most
importantly our soothsayers now up and
running so struck down a safe fun and
hope that our soo says someone's the
right type of disaster now disasters can
only be caused based on the towers that
they're standing on so for example if
you detonate a soothsayer here you're
going to cause an eruption few
detonators soothsayer on a forest you're
going to cause a forest fire
if you detonated on a desert you'll
cause a sandstorm and if you detonate it
on a floodplain you're gonna cause a
flood this is the unique thing when it
comes to flood plains because we have
the great bath now what happens is that
basically the great flood is mitigated
and so we no longer gain fertility which
is a real shame no fertility gained on
our river meaning we can't grow food as
effectively but there's a couple of
bonuses we do gain faith on these tiles
there's one faith there and one faith
there and if we have these two towers as
well that's a further two faiths every
time there's a flood what this means is
we can artificially causes floods
whenever we like and every time we do
cause floods we grant ourselves free
faith because that just makes perfect
sense doesn't it oh my goodness in our
chair it's borne in with five movement
because they've got the nearby general
allowing them to teleport across the map
and just snipe up any enemy units this
is utterly glorious on we can recruit
our great prophet incredible this is
exactly what we needed and of course we
can immediately teleport him over to his
holy site and we can get ourselves a
faith started which is absolutely
perfect all right there we go we've
started our brand-new own religion which
is perfect and this entire religion is
just going to be dedicated to trying to
get as many faith points as possible oh
she's so that we can just summon natural
disease
Buster's on to IVA ourselves to get
bonuses or to the enemy so as to destroy
their cities and so our religion of the
apocalypse is now founded we're going to
pick up divine inspirations so that we
get +4 faith for each wonder that we
build which is lovely and we're going to
pick up the bonus of +2 faith for every
city following this religion in other
civilizations in city-states basically a
religion entirely dedicated to faith
production because faith gives us magic
people have the ability to flood just
about anything any way with all of these
lovely bonuses we have a bunch of extra
faith so that we can buy even more soup
say as if necessary or we can actually
buy ourselves off first missionary a
missionary of the apocalypse who can go
about spreading the lovely words and we
can even pick up ourselves our first
government we're going to go for
classical Republic's mostly so that we
can increase the generation of great
person points which we're going to be
pumping out at a stupid rate oh my
goodness this is an incredible
opportunity I love this apparently
there's an ongoing competition of
appeasing the gods basically we're now
competing to the highest score of
sacrificing units next to volcanoes
using sue says if we win we get a free
soothsayer unit but we also gain more
faith per turn and also free random
promotions for Sue's air units so it's
time to go March off our army straight
towards our nearest volcano and get
sacrificing why could this sacrifice
adjacent do that I love it why is this
not of featured ballgames this is
incredible right so our chariot wanders
next to the volcano and we need to get
ourselves up into first place we've got
eight turns remaining so let's sacrifice
that chariot da da da da da perfect
aren't fantastic we're in the lead with
28 this is exactly what I wanted to have
and yes it would seem we're going to win
the appease the gods task very happily
good stuff it's exactly what I wanted to
see and yes there we go you're in first
place you win I've heard the gold tier
rewards which involve a free soothsayer
and some promotions I'm not sure what
they are a free random promotion to a
future suits their units who knows what
it could be so we get ourselves a free
soothsayer unit which now has the plus
one charge adjacent enemy cities are
also automatically besieged are the
plague bear upgrade this one however
also has the plague bear upgrade okay so
basically all of our soup says now have
one extra charge brilliant so I'm just
now going to detonate this oops there
next to our city caused a flood which is
going to get a meat
we mitigated of course you know we might
as well bite we have a floodplain tile
which now has two extra faiths on it so
we've now got six faiths gathered just
from these flood tiles alone then lo and
behold we're able to move over yet
another soothsayer and we're going to do
the same and what's this another great
scientist because we just keep earning
them so quickly
lovely owned ladies and gentlemen I've
been chatting to Simon Bolivar and guess
what he's got one limited time offer for
you ladies and gentlemen for the first
six thousand six hundred and sixty-six
people who like the video guess what
Simon Bolivar has said they won't be
sacrificed to the angry volcano spirits
in the next round of the soothsayer
competition everyone else however is
fair game for the fiery oblivion Pingala
you're absolutely insane and I haven't
got many cities up and this is by no
means the most efficient way of playing
this game but this is just a
demonstration of how stupidly
overpowered Gran Colombia when paired
with other brand new features can be
anyway let's cause even more natural
disasters so one more was bad and let's
cause yet another one
our lovely stuff' enough we look at
those tiles mmm faith lots of lovely
faith who would have guessed that
continuous apocalyptic levels of
flooding would cause faith to appear in
an empire as caused yet another disaster
lovely stuff and now all of these
provinces are up to five faiths each oh
goodness so there is 15 faiths just on
these provinces here 15 faiths is a
pretty decent faith output for a city
right and let's cause yet another
disaster so we've caused six disasters
here on our lovely floodplain and whilst
we don't get any fertility from this we
now have far too much faith okay yep 37
faiths per turn
we can buy another soothsayer and you
know what might as well I love soup says
that brilliant right it's time for us to
cause more floods as well there we go
let's have another one
brilliant stuff just keep on increasing
those faiths its cause yet another
disaster oh it's perfect
I love the apocalypse I really do I'm
fantastic we've built ourselves petrol
to make our desert tiles just a little
bit more valuable to actually hold on to
so the city is even more overpowered you
know what I think it's time for us to
get more settlers up and running because
we really don't have that many cities
but we do have a lot of natural
disasters
I love them she has now worked to nine
faiths on each of these tiles
this is stupid it's so stupid because I
you know purchase with faith yet another
soothsayer the soup set only goes up
okay for each soothsayer you have by
fifty faiths so we can just buy a bunch
of missionaries and even more soup says
I love it
this game is balked I'm fantastic we've
entered into the medieval era which has
granted us yet another golden age lovely
fantastic and with that we get a brand
new general a special ease or whatever
he is who once again provides +5 combat
as well as one extra land movement to
all nearby units now this guy's special
ability is to instantly create the
strongest land combat unit you can build
with one promotion level in this unit
has no resource maintenance cost now
what you can't do is use this guy
immediately to basically get a free unit
or you can save him for when you can
build a giant def robot and then you've
suddenly just been handed a free giant
differ but with no maintenance oh that's
um that's unfair isn't it gave it's very
unfair anyway we're at a golden age
which is brilliant
Oh +2 movement for all builders may
purchase civilian units with faith oh
and purchases with faith and go to food
said cheaper don't mind if I do
lovely stuff now we can start putting
some of that faith to good use like
pumping out a bunch of builders except
these builders could move far too far
owned we've got our great scientist
Hildegard of Bingen lovely stuff she's
brilliant
I think the Hansa city-state here is
actually new don't recognize it it
basically provides +1 gold for every 5
times your trade routes have to travel
which is pretty good I'd imagine like
some late-game coastal trade routes are
going to be absolutely insane with that
bad boy and I mean let's cause yet
another disaster for more faith
brilliant yes another flood what does
this mean oh well it means these stars
are now producing 12 faith each racism
it's it's a unique feature it's
different it's very different why is
this allowed at the game I love it I
absolutely love it you can basically
pick up this DLC as well I'm pretty sure
I've had to include a link in the
description which you can pick up no
pressure though and so here's our build
up with five movements oh he's just
going to teleport across the map to the
Kotton here and go now we're gonna have
a plantation lovely stuff oh and of
course we need to get ourselves a trade
we're going so let's get one go into our
second city over here choose our
research lovely we'll go for
construction and now we need to start
buying more things with our faith
including an apostle so we can improve
our religion and a builder so that we
can improve all of our tiles because we
really need to start doing this so we've
started to convert
in enemy cities and the joyous majestic
conversion of the apocalypse is
beginning we're going to also now be
able to evangelize our belief thanks to
our brand-new apostle and we can
immediately start upgrading our brand
new city and making it jazzy for
something like a harbor all lovely now
mr. build a friend you can build a farm
as well you can just get all of these
tiles worked so they provide stupid
amounts of faith from decent quantities
of food that would be brilliant but it's
time to evangelize our belief and make
it even more powerful
we're gonna go for holy or to make it so
the missionaries and apostles are
cheaper to buy doesn't affect sue says
it does not what a shame but you have to
check these things and then give our
final faith boost we're going to pick up
mosques so that our missionaries and
parcels gain plus one spread so that if
we wanted to go for a religious victory
we easily could and we've got ourselves
yet another soocer which of course is
going to cause even more disasters
because we might as well and we've got
so much faith flying around might as
well get these citizens working these
towers now that they provide 13 faiths
each which is downright stupid and let's
cause yet ourselves yet another
soothsayer disaster because we can
welcome back ladies and gentlemen it's
turned 79 it's a 2018 things going quite
good no Empire we're researching some
divine right and we're building the kill
word kisi Varney this is the most
important wonder of any game ever you
might be wondering why well it's because
it gives you free invoice but most
importantly if you're a suzerain of a
city-state you get a plus 15 percent
boost from that city-state and viruses
reign of two of those city-state types
you receive an extra plus 15 percent
boost if we're theses reign of two son
city-states we get a plus 30 percent
boost in say thee plus two sides to our
capital it's a really nice little wonder
to have and it really does add up but
most importantly we're getting our
empire up and running and our faith
production is at an all-time high things
are looking great of course we're going
to get a few more cities built over here
on this brand newly discovered continent
because we might as well and also set
Bazaar basically free to purchase with
faith now so I can have as many of them
as I like oh my goodness as the cat
review for hurricane off of our coast
like oh good god okay that's a spooky
boy actually
hopefully our settlers going to be able
to dodge that if they can't fair dues
they're dead so be it anyway let's also
get our brand-new city settled down over
here love
stuff and immediately we're going to
cheese against the AI and bi up all of
the luxury resources around this sieve
I'm sorry I need them not you I know my
goodness getting a new city up and
running is so expensive and difficult to
takes ages to build a builder a wage you
can just buy it with faith ah much
better
that's how you get all of your new
cities up and running oh my goodness the
category-five hurricane is going for our
lands it is not looking good there's
gonna be many casualties as soon as it
hits the city but oh well oh no and now
we've had a crippling Blizzard old beans
that's not good
turns out the apocalypse is great but
also simultaneously can just kill you Oh
No
who could have guessed that living in
the apocalypse could have been so
dangerous to an empire anyway we've got
some spare faith flying grunts we might
as well buy ourselves yet another
soothsayer and trigger ourselves some
more River damage right chaotic River
damage yes mitigate that flood and
you're up to no 16 faith power each of
these tiles meaning the city is
outputting 59 faith in total or that we
could add even more if we really wanted
oh I'm fantastic it's one turn later
it's now 10 60 80 and we can cause yet
another disaster for more favour points
I love it and there we go fantastic we
build the kill worker Suwanee ax which
is lovely it's pushed us over into a
golden age but most importantly it gives
us a bunch of bonuses for each city
state versus Randolph how many city
states we're suzerain off zero that's
something we'll have to fix anyway will
cause yet another flood which
immediately gets mitigated which is
lovely and now if we actually manage our
citizens and say we want to instead of
focusing on production folks on faith
well now our faith production is up 205
in one city this is absolutely perfect
now all I have to do is build the cata
Kuni which is basically a wander which
provides +25 from the city and get it
slapped down right here to increase our
faith production right now we're
actually able to settle our first ever
colonial settlement this is a fantastic
city because it's in the middle of
technically bloody nowhere across the
sea from us but it's in a prime position
to be upgraded and one of the reasons
I'd love soup says so much is that they
are absolutely stupidly overpowered in
terms of combat so what you can do of a
soup say is run them into enemy cities
and then immediately start submitting
meteors on to them which is absolutely
but another thing you can do in this
game when you play in the poke lips mode
is to deliberately cause copious amounts
of co2 because the more co2 is in the
atmosphere for some reason the more
massive maker meteorites come down in
attack cities and as you can guess
that's some pretty crazy because having
more meteors slamming down continuously
and on to enemy cities is lovely and
powerful but specially if you have some
bonuses to protect you from it anyway
we've just entered the Renaissance era
naturally it's golden era time always so
good as that basically for nurses in a
Dark Age excluding America and Japan
perfect oh and you know exactly what we
need to do another age of monumentality
so that we get cheaper builders and
settlers Oh lovely stuff this is just
perfect isn't it and of course we can
now pick up gunpowder lovely let's get
our super Serie and start causing even
more disasters that means we've got a
new great general as well what's his
special ability all land units within
two tires regain all movement and attack
capability what it's a double attack
great general hang on a second
imagine you're fighting someone and then
he just goes mmm oK you've been winning
this combat well now all of my units can
move an attack again for a second time
this turn that's no fair game it's not
okay you can't do that oh goodness well
it's not like we can stop you now after
some very strange flood mitigation all
of our flood plains tiles are now 221
faith each which is not natural at all
there's a figure about this which is a
natural and fair game of sieve this is
completely unfair we have the most
science we by far have the most faith
per turn this is absolutely stupid we
are basically in a prime position if we
wanted to take over the entire world
with our faith we could I love it and
there we go fantastic we've picked up
the Reformed Church meaning we can now
switch our government over to fiat cracy
lovely stuff a fiat crafted government
is extra special because it allows us to
get cheaper faith purchases this is some
lovely stuff so our new apostle or what
do they get can spread religion two
extra times or triple-strength in other
civilizations or I love that right let's
send you straight to the frontlines
we're going to aggressively change the
religion of all of our opponents they
won't even have a say and if they do
ever say we're going to send over
religious dudes to cause
it floods that'll teach them for having
different opinions and there we go we've
built the Kotaku in it's not a
particularly fantastic wonder but as I
said that plus 20% extra faith
production is very useful indeed it's
also given us a bunch of warrior monks
which are useful maybe I don't know I
don't think so we voice you're just
gonna have to sit afk at our borders to
make it look like we have a much
stronger military than we actually do oh
my goodness yes a yet another soocer
event appease the gods just a mmediately
spam sacrifice units next to a volcano
once again there's one next door capital
and if we get everything correct will
get a free random promotion for all
future sous air units which will stack
on top of our existing one okay lovely
so it's time for us to line up the
warrior monks next to the volcano for
kiss warrior monks of a melee strength
of 35 making them very valuable
sacrifices right go stand by and if we
got enough to purchase ourselves a soup
set yes we do because we're now for York
receipts who says have gone down from
where I think they should have been
which is around about 450 points at this
point and instead they are down to 340
books read of Golden Age and refer York
receipts or sue says are even more
powerful nor we need to make sure we do
is sacrifice as many of these units as
feasibly possible oh and also it's time
to get converting the apocalypse waits
for no one
it's time for the great sacrificing to
begin and sacrifice adjacent unit BAM
and will immediately move another one in
and oh we have to wait a turn before we
can sacrifice another unit that's the
strongest unit we can produce musket
mode with a melee strength of 55 okay
right we need to get ourselves a couple
of those bad boys maybe we could do if
another soothsayer retreat so that we
could sacrifice two people per turn
that's where we're going to be getting
our points from oh my goodness a mega
colossal eruption has started and his
fertilised for tiles but damaged five
and killed free people a massive loss
for a capital but it matters little
because beautiful songs is Herc asleep
apparently that a theater figure okay
great we did a fair two Figgy even
though so many people in our capital
city died of God right to say sacrifice
it's not like these units are going to
last very long anyway and that's high
yet another soothsayer good stuff how's
the appeasement going we're in second
place okay we need to up that get more
sacrifices going
also need some more stronger units
ensure we could repair all of our holy
sites and government plazas that's
redundant what we need at this point in
time our musket one which we can't make
beads instead we're gonna have to make
horse dudes yes
sacrifice horse dudes to the flame
anyway it's time for yet another
sacrifice so we'll sacrifice that unit
and we'll sacrifice yet another adjacent
unit our pavement of the Gods has put us
in the lead and I'm pretty sure there's
no way we can lose from this point on
anyway there we go we've been spreading
some lovely faith about the apocalypse
is now deeply rooted in Japan oh great
- fantastic proposals give Simon Bolivar
stuff or take Simon bolivars religion
way okay I've got a down vote the take
my religion away because I quite like my
religion right make sure to vote for the
good ones speeds they passed both of
them bugger
now we have three active events all
going on at the same time
okay I'm leading the appeasement of the
gods with two more sacrifices that
should put us very comfortably into the
lead now now we've finished the appease
the gods ladies and gentlemen which is
something that finally happened but most
importantly finishing the appease the
gods has granted us another bonus not
only did we get a free soothsayer units
are soothsayers got an extra bonus not
only do they get the +1 charge from
being a plague mirror they now assume
our zealots which give them +2 charges
so we now have 5 charges on each
soothsayer meaning each soothsayer can
just keep on adding faith to each of
these tiles this tile here provides 25
faiths so does this one and so does this
one and so would this one if we actually
had access to it this is stupid and I
love it
this game what have I done to you this
is so stupid it makes no sense but I
love it absolutely do I mean there's so
many Wars going on naturally we don't
have to worry about any of them because
of how much school we have the AI is
terrified of us cos we're just going to
chain caused massive floods in our
lovely city to just add more and more
lovely modifiers and they would go
basically each turn recalls
free non-existent mega floods to
decimate our city but of course we see
none of them and that's now I did 30
faiths to each of these tiles this is
incredible I'm just buying more sue says
and we're adding more faith to each of
these provinces Bogota
his note to producing 178 faiths per
turn which is more than any other AI in
the game can even manage and it's just I
just love it it's absolutely stupid
completely naturally booked this game
once again I'd like to take this
opportunity to thank state sponsors by
paying to have me do this it's very
generous of you very Cheddar's all of
these floods which aren't happening it's
beautiful apparently Gran Colombia has
made history the armies of jealous
civilizations failed to stop our people
the religious emergency dissolves
fantastic we did it we won the religious
emergency ah lovely so that means we
basically almost instant convert almost
all nearby cities oh yes look at this
right it's time for us to remove the
remainder of any religion allow me to
explain why the glory superset unit is
so for powered well what we're able to
do is were able to effectively farm pain
to enemy cities over here we have a city
state of target which I mean we've sunk
a couple of envoy's into but we have no
way of gaining control of this is some
cheeky Japanese person who sent five
into it so what we can do is we can send
our lovely soup site all the way down
south and then what our lovely friend
over there is going to be able to do if
she's going to be able to detonate this
volcano every single turn which will
technically kill the neighboring city
state but also create a bit of fun ah
now we've actually researched economics
we can build our own special buildings
these lovely plantation boys which give
us a mera score but a sort of grid
nearby luxuries lovely stuff most
importantly I'm now able to show off my
legendary soup searing abilities by
destroying the local city-state of
target by just hitting cause disaster
this causes a mega colossal eruption
which damages five tiles and kills one
pot lovely stuff and immediately next
turn I can do the same so if you want to
actually go to war with a city instead
of having to proceed you can just set a
nearby volcano on fire and waltz on in
welcome back ladies and gentlemen but
progress has been absolutely astounding
we are by far the most powerful empire
in existence our ability to control the
world as if God worship team self and
bestowed us with divine powers and these
powers grant us the ability to set fire
to anything flood anything and explode
just about anything or with just a click
of our fingers and 500 faith points our
target you're just starting to repair
from that previous volcano bizarre
well now there's another one
mega-colossal eruption five people dead
you know don't a free pop oh this is
just bullying it really is oh you poor
guys you poor poor sausages I love it
yes basically we can just mess about
with any civilization you know let's go
mess up Japan because we can oh god I
never make a colossal eruption in our
capital city fiends well it's improved
five tiles damaged five and killed two
pop you know that's fine
oh no so the AI is still making very
strange and whacky gestures in terms of
trading because for some reason it
completely undervalue pieces of great
work and literally have the AI offer me
eight gold for a single great work in
this game which is certainly not what
it's worth for no my goodness a mega
colossal eruption has happened yet
another one oh the capital just keeps
getting set on fire well the good news
is it keeps adding production and food
to the local tiles but at the same time
I think I prefer it if it just behaved
for a little while anyway once again
we're now in the industrial era and
naturally we hit a golden era of course
we did this is going to allow us to pick
up the heartbeat of steam bonus as well
as oh oh and there we go we've also
picked up ourselves yet another
legendary bonus Kommandant a generality
this one is a money-making dude
his passive abilities the same as all of
the others but most importantly he
provides one promotion level tool nearby
military units which of course can be
used on the same Turner's moving can put
most importantly for any units in this
radius he gains 50% of their gold
production which is that's pretty useful
I've got to be honest you build up a
massive army slap him down in the middle
and just before you send them off to
combat you get about four grand
what a lovely feature I suppose you
could also surround him in giant death
robots and get 1500 a part of this game
anyway as you can guess this game is
completely literally broken from here or
now exert 177 sides and we're just going
to start snowballing equally it's
important to remember that with the way
the new su says work not only can you
farm them to make your city stupidly
overpowered so that you have say tiles
in your capital which produce 45 faiths
each you can also use these sue says for
aggressive reasons and attacking enemy
cities like saying takua
where the AI is not actually aware of
what you're doing and so it doesn't mind
the fact that you're attacking we could
take the super set down to here burst
the banks of the river and suddenly
fukuko
over here is now getting hit by great
floods and losing population but the AI
will not count it against me because
it's a natural disaster beyond anyone's
control so even though they're
technically really upset with me now I
could go over to a nation who is
friendly with me and just repeatedly
volcano their capital city and they'd
still be absolutely loving my existence
they'd think I'm the friendliest person
around so yes this game is perfectly
balanced and it features no exploits
whatsoever anyway I've been the sniffing
prett this has been an absolutely
brilliant first look at the upcoming Civ
6 DLC which if you want to check out
there'll be a link in the description
I'm not allowed to review it at all in
fact I'm not even sure if I'm allowed to
say I had fun but I had fun this was a
good game of Civ and I'm excited to see
what kind of wacky strategies I can pull
off when playing with friends later know
if you new here feel free to subscribe
exact at the end of the day only 50% of
my audience is actually subscribed I
know who could imagine such a statistic
to be true but it is if you enjoyed
today's video you can give it a like my
goodness what a majestic thing to do and
as always a massive thank you to each
and every one of my majestic patrons who
makes all of these videos all the more
possible it's Ashley thank you very much
these are some wacky times and all of
you who support the channel in various
different ways of either commenting to
being a part of the discord or whatever
it really does help out thank you very
much and if you sat there wondering what
video you'd like to watch an x-block
wouldn't no further than the ones I've
chosen for you on screen trust me you're
gonna love them if you enjoyed today's
video anyway I'll see each and every one
of you in the next one have an
absolutely lovely day and goodbye for
now